Have you ever wanted to ask God, who are you, where are you, do you care about me?
You are not alone, for centuries people everywhere have felt the need to know their maker, imagine
a woman who has never known her father, all her life she has been told lies that her father
abandoned her, but deep inside she feels she knows it's not true. One day she receives
a letter from her father, she learns that he is alive and that unbeknown to her he had
been reaching out to be part of her life since the day she was born. The daughter learns
who her father is and eventually she finds him. They learn about one another and build
a strong bond until they are inseparable friends. The Bible is like a group of letters from
our Heavenly Father. As we read the Bible, we learn how to talk to God, how he responds
and the many ways he shows his tender care. The Bible can help us to do something we may
never have thought possible. Be God's friend. That friendship starts by learning the name
of your Heavenly Father and new friend and God tells us his name. You whose name is Jehovah.
You alone are the most high. Jehovah guarantees that if you draw close to him, he will draw
close to you. Our loving Father openly extends friendship to all who search for him. Will
you accept his invitation to learn more about what the Bible says on this and many other topics?
Go to JW.org